
Attribution-ShareAlike 2.5 India
(CC BY-SA 2.5 IN)
You are free to:

Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format

Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material for any purpose, even commercially.

The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms. Under the following terms:

Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.

ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.

No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.


This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license available at https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/2.5/in/legalcode

Notices:
You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.
No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.

Disclaimer:
This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.

Appropriate credit:
If supplied, you must provide a link to the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material.

Indicate if changes were made:
You must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications.

You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
Based after https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/2.5/in/
